GH-35403: [Docs] Support sphinx 6 for building the docs (#36296)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/documentation.rst

   not sufficiently comprehensive. Portions of the Python API documentation
   will also not build without CUDA support having been built.

.. note::

   If you are working on the Python documentation and are building the documentation
   with ``pyarrow`` build from source on macOS Monterey, Python section of the
   documentation might not be included in the ``_build/html``. In this case run
   ``python -m pip install ../python --quiet --no-dependencies python`` before

>    running the ``make html`` command.

Reviewer: This is essentially installing the package in non-editable mode, right? Maybe mention that explicitly to clarify what the command is exactly doing

Also, what does the `--no-dependencies python` do?

Author: > This is essentially installing the package in non-editable mode, right? Maybe mention that explicitly to clarify what the command is exactly doing

Yes, correct. Will do.

> Also, what does the --no-dependencies python do?

Last `python` is a typo. The `--no-dependencies` is something I saw others use but didn't bother to double check as it was working locally, sorry about that. Running `pip install -h` lists

```--no-deps                   Don't install package dependencies.```

The dependencies will already be installed in our case so this doesn't really have an effect I suppose. Will remove.

at ``arrow/docs/_build/html/index.html`` to read the docs and review any changes
you made.

.. note::

   If you are working on the Python documentation and are building the documentation

>    with ``pyarrow`` build from source on macOS Monterey, Python section of the
>    documentation might not be included in the ``_build/html``. In this case try
>    installing ``pyarrow`` in editable version first before running the ``make html``
>    command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   with ``pyarrow`` build from source on macOS Monterey, the Python section of the
   documentation might not be included in the ``_build/html``. In this case, try
   installing ``pyarrow`` in non-editable mode first before running the ``make html``
   command.
```
